Need some help?



You are here: Home / Need some help?
var addthis_config = {
//   services_expanded: "google_plusone",
//   services_compact: "print,email,favorites"
// pubid: "YOUR-PROFILE-ID"
Frequently asked questions
Enrolment
Enrolment



1. How can I enrol myself to the Etihad Guest Programme?
You can either go online or fill up the enrolment form available on-board or at the check in desks, lounges and even at ticketing offices.



2. Who can apply for membership to Etihad Guest programme?
Only individuals can become members of Etihad Guest, not companies or organizations.
Individuals must be over the age of two to qualify for the membership.
Application for Etihad Guest membership is open to residents of any country.



3. Is there any specification for my Etihad Guest membership password?
Password should be 8-10 characters in length. It must begin with a letter and end with a number or begin with a number and end with a letter.



4. Can the same email address used to enrol family members into Etihad Guest programme?
To enrol into Etihad Guest programme, each person should have a unique email address. For children below the age of 12, an email address is not mandatory while enrolling.



5. Will I start earning miles after completing the enrolment?
As soon as the enrolment is completed, member receives a verification email. Once the email is verified, members can start earning miles.



6. When will I get my get a permanent plastic card?
A Welcome Pack (including a permanent Etihad Guest card and a Welcome letter) will be sent only to members who request for the card either online by confirming the postal address or through the Global Contact Centre.



7. What does the welcome pack contain?
Etihad Guest welcome pack contains:
A welcome letter
Etihad Guest card
When a member is upgraded to a higher tier, the welcome pack will be sent as per the respective tier. (Etihad Guest Silver, Gold and Platinum).
Etihad Guest
A membership card
A welcome letter
Etihad Guest Silver
A membership card
A welcome letter
2 luggage tags
2 luggage straps
Etihad Guest Gold
A membership card
A welcome letter
2 luggage tags
2 luggage straps
3rd Party nomination form
Etihad Guest Platinum
A membership card
A welcome letter
2 luggage tags
2 luggage straps
Gold Discretionary nomination form
3rd Party nomination form



8. How can I re order my card if it is lost/ damaged?
Lost, theft or damage of the membership card must be reported immediately to the Etihad Guest Service Centre. Upon the member’s notification of a lost, stolen or damaged card, a replacement card will be ordered with the same Etihad Guest number and fulfilled to the member in exchange for the following number of Etihad Guest Miles:
Card only                              500 Etihad Guest Miles
Tags only                              1,000 Etihad Guest Miles (Silver and Gold only)
Card and tags                        1,500 Etihad Guest Miles (Silver and Gold only)
Etihad Guest Silver and Gold members will be allowed to have one replacement within twelve months period free of charge. Etihad Guest Platinum members are allowed to have card and luggage tag replacements anytime at no cost.



9. How to contact Etihad Guest Service Centre?
Members can call the Etihad Guest Service Centre by using any of the local contact numbers displayed and updated in the Etihad Guest website.
Alternatively, members can send emails to Etihad Guest Service Centre. Dedicated email addresses for each tier level are mentioned on the back of the membership card. These are as follows:-
For Base members -
guest@etihadguest.com
For Silver members - guestsilver@etihadguest.com
For Gold members - guestgold@etihadguest.com
For Platinum members - guestplatinum@etihadguest.com
Reset Password
Reset Password



1. How can I reset my password?
Click on ‘Request/Forget Password’ option on the login page or click here password and enter the details as requested on the page.
Password should be 8-10 characters in length. It must begin with a letter and end with a number or begin with a number and end with a letter.
Once the details are filled up and submitted, an email with the password reset link will be sent to your email address mentioned in the profile.
Upon clicking on the link given in the email, it will direct you to a specific page where in you have to enter all your details in the required fields as mentioned in your profile.
Profile Update
Profile Update



1. How can I amend my Etihad Guest profile details?
Member has to log in online to amend the profile. There are only certain fields which can be amended by the member himself which are as follows: Email address, Telephone numbers, Postal address, Passport details, Alternative contact details, Email preferences and Interested Virtual Clubs. To amend all the other fields like First name, Last name, Date of Birth member needs to send an email along with their passport copy to guest@etihadguest.com



2. Can I contact the call centre to amend the profile details?
Call centre can assist to amend only limited fields in the profile like Telephone numbers, Postal address, Travel preferences, Professional details, Alternative contact details and Additional information fields after satisfactory verification.
For amending any other field other than the fields mentioned above including email address, we require adequate proof and hence an email should be sent to guest@etihadguest.com with the passport copy of the member.



3. How quickly can I amend my email address?
You may amend your email address by logging into your account online or by emailing us at guest@etihadguest.com with the passport copy.
After changing the email address, a verification email is triggered to the new email address. You are expected to click on the verification link given in the email and only then you will be able to access the account online.
Family membership
Family membership



1. What is Etihad Guest Family membership?
Etihad Guest family membership enables to manage the guest membership accounts of the family members much easier. When the family members are part of the family membership programme, the head can easily monitor the transaction details of its members and instead of the miles being scattered in different accounts, it helps the member to use the miles collectively.



2. What are the benefits of a Family Membership?
Etihad Guest Miles will be pooled in one account to enjoy rewards faster. Tier Miles/Tier Segments will continue to remain with the member which in turn determines their upgrade to different tier levels.



3. How can I create a family membership?
A member who is 21 years old can create a family membership. You have to log in online and add other members (who are already enrolled in to the programme).
Once added online, the added members above 12 years will receive an auto triggered email for them to accept or reject the family membership request. Members below 12 years will be included to family membership without email acceptance.



4. How many members can I add to my family membership?
Up to 8 members can be part of your family membership. Family members who are eligible to become family guests are: brothers, sisters, father, mother, spouse(s), children, grandchildren, grandparents, parents-in-law, step parents, step children, step siblings, step grandchildren, nieces, nephews, and house hold (one only)



5. Can I invite my friend to be part of my Etihad Guest family membership?
No. Only the above mentioned can be part of Etihad Guest family membership.



6. When I leave the family membership are the miles earned by me transferred back to my account?
All the miles transferred from the member’s account to the family head’s account remains with the family head even after the family membership is delinked. After the individual membership is delinked from the Family Membership, the member will start accumulating miles in his account from the date the account is delinked.



7. Once added, how soon can I change the family members?
Family members cannot be replaced within 90 days of joining the family membership programme.



8. Can I be the head of two family memberships?
No. You can be part of only one family membership at a time.



9. Currently my spouse is the head of our family membership programme. I would like to be the family head. How can we change the family head?
Either the Family Head or the Family Guest on their own may cancel the participation of a Family Guest at any time by giving written notice to the Etihad Guest Service Centre. Once dissolved, the family members can join/create a new family membership only after 90 days.



10. Will I be asked for proof of relationships added in my family membership?
Etihad can audit and request the family membership proof, any time.
All about miles
All about miles



1. Is there any enrolment bonus for a new member?
Yes, each member will receive 500 Etihad Guest Miles as an enrolment bonus. This bonus will be credited after the first activity is recorded in the respective account.



2. What are the different types of miles/segments a member will earn?
Etihad Guest Miles
Earned by every member when flying with Etihad Airways and airline partners based on the booking class on the ticket or when the member uses any of our numerous non-airline partners ranging from banks, retail chains, hotels, leisure partners and much more and can be used to book rewards.
Etihad Tier Miles
Earned by every member when flying with Etihad Airways and selected airline partners and it is used to progress through the tiers, and maintain status within the tier (for Silver, Gold and Platinum).
Etihad Tier segments
Earned at a rate of one Tier Segment for each flight flown in Economy Class, two TierSegments in Business Class and three Tier Segments in First Class.
Tier Bonus Miles
Etihad Guest Silver members earn a bonus of 25% of Tier Miles. Etihad Guest Gold and Platinum members earn a bonus of 50% and 75% Tier Miles respectively.



3. How long are the Etihad Guest Miles valid for?
The validity of Etihad Guest Miles depends on the tier level of each member. Below mentioned are the Etihad Guest Miles validity periods.
Etihad Guest- 2 years from date of activity
Etihad Guest Silver - 2 ½ years from date of activity
Etihad Guest Gold - 3 years from date of activity
Etihad Guest Platinum - 3 years from date of activity
Etihad Guest Miles will continue to expire on the last date of the month in which they were earned. Members can check the validity of the Guest miles for the next three months by two ways:
Log in to their Etihad Guest accounts online and check the transaction details.
Subscribe for monthly e-statements.



4. What is the new earning structure?
Etihad Guest Miles earning structure for Economy class.
Economy
Etihad Guest miles earned
T,E
0.25
U, V, G
0.50
L, Q, M,K
0.75
H, B, Y
Business
Etihad Guest miles earned
1.15
1.30
D,C, J
1.75
First
Etihad Guest miles earned
R, A, F
2.5
Residence
Etihad Guest miles earned
Claim miles
Claim miles



1. How can I make sure miles get auto credited to my account when I travel?
To ensure your miles are automatically credited to your membership account, please remember to quote your membership number when making a reservation and ensure that your booking name matches the name in your account.



2. Can I claim missing miles for my travel prior to enrolment?
For claiming miles on Etihad operated flights, please send the boarding pass copies to retroclaims@etihadguest.com
For partner airline claims made 3 months prior to enrolment date, we require a copy of your boarding pass along with the below details to be sent to retroclaims@etihadguest.com:
Your Etihad Guest membership number
Your First name
Yours Last name
Flight number
Origin
Destination
Cabin
Booked Class
Booking reference (PNR)
Ticket number



3. How can I claim my missing miles after enrolment?
For claiming miles on Etihad Airways operated flights, you may login to your account online and click on the option ‘Claim missing miles’. Please enter the required details to claim missing miles online.Alternatively you may send an emailto retroclaims@etihadguest.com with the ticket or boarding pass copies.
For claims on partner airlines, please send an email to retroclaims@etihadguest.com with the ticket or boarding pass copies.



4. Can I claim miles on non-air partners?
If you find that any transactions with non-air partners are missing from your statement, kindly contact the partner concerned within six months of the transaction. Non-air partners are not eligible for claims made up to 3 months prior to enrolment.



5. Can I earn Etihad Guest Miles on code share flights?
Yes, Etihad Guest Miles can also be earned by flying with our code share partners as long as the marketing carrier is Etihad (that means the flight must be booked on EY flight number, i.e. EY1234). Click here for the updated lists of our code share flights.
Etihad Guest Tiers
Etihad Guest Tiers



1. How can I progress to higher tiers?
On enrolment, all members will be base tier. A member advances from one tier to another only if he/she earns the required number of Tier Miles or Tier Segments within a rolling 12 month period.
Etihad Guest Silver - 25,000 Tier Miles or 20 Tier Segments
Etihad Guest Gold – 50,000 Tier Miles or 40 Tier Segments
Etihad Guest Platinum – 125,000 Tier Miles or 60 Tier Segments



2. How to maintain the tier level?
To maintain a given tier level, members have to earn a designated number of Tier Miles within a qualifying year, from 1 January to 31 December of their renewal period. The following details the number of Tier Miles or Tier Segments needed to renew the tier level.
Etihad Guest Silver - 20,000 Tier Miles or 15 Tier Segments
Etihad Guest Gold – 40,000 Tier Miles or 30 Tier Segments
Etihad Guest Platinum – 100,000 Tier Miles or 48 Tier Segments
In case if a member fails to earn the required number of Tier Miles or Tier Segments, he/she will be downgraded to the next lower tier level For example - If an Etihad Guest Gold member has not earned 40,000 Tier Miles or thirty one-way flights during his qualifying year the account will be downgraded to Etihad Guest Silver. An account can only be downgraded one tier at a time.



3. What is the validity of each tier?
Etihad Guest - has no validity limits.
Etihad Guest Silver - is valid for the rest of the calendar year earned plus one year with an additional bonus of three months.
Etihad Guest Gold and Platinum - is valid for the rest of the calendar year earned plus two years with an additional bonus of three months.



4. How can I avail the benefits for a newly upgraded member when I have not received the new card?
If the member has not received the new card yet, the system triggers the Upgrade email to the Guests which he can present at the airport to avail the benefits.
Redeem miles against flights and upgrades
Redeem miles against flights and upgrades



1. How can I redeem miles?
Miles can be redeemed against flights on Etihad or on our Partner airlines. You may also redeem miles against products available in the Reward Shop.



2. What are the types of flight rewards available?
GuestSeat, OpenSeat and Upgrades



3. What is GuestSeat?
Tickets issued in N, I and O class are GuestSeat tickets.



4. Is there any service charge involved when I booked the reward via the Etihad Guest Service Centre?
All rewards booked online via etihadguest.com are free from any service charge. Any reward (except Upgrades using miles) booked via the Etihad Guest Service Centre will incur a service fee applicable at the time of booking. Etihad Guest Gold and Etihad Guest Platinum members will be able to use this service free of charge.



5. Can the Miles+Cash option be used to pay Guest Seat?
Yes, a minimum of 75% of miles required.



6. How much is the cost for the child and infant GuestSeat tickets?
For children between 2 to 11 years old, the GuestSeat will be priced same as an adult and has to be booked along with an adult. Infant GuestSeats are priced at 10% of the normal mileage cost for Guest seat rewards. At present, infant redemption tickets can be booked only online.



7. What are the date change penalties for a GuestSeat ticket?
Changes can be processed up to 24 hours prior to departure at a fee of AED 100 per change. If a member does not show up for a flight booked, the GuestSeat Flight Reward ticket cannot be rebooked.



8. What is the validity of the GuestSeat ticket?
The ticket is valid for one year from the date of issuance of the original ticket for non-utilized tickets. The outbound should be taken within the 12 months of original ticket issuance. If the first leg of the journey is used, then the ticket is valid for one year from the first date of travel.



9. What is OpenSeat?
When GuestSeats are not available anymore, members have the flexibility to book on any available class in the flight using miles. These tickets are known as OpenSeats. The miles required for OpenSeat is determined according to the fare level of the ticket booked and members can get this information from our website when they book their flights. Higher RBDs require higher mileage contribution.



10. Can Miles+Cash option be used to pay OpenSeat reward?
Yes, the minimum mileage contribution for OpenSeat is 1 mile per guest and the rest in cash.



11. What is the mileage requirement for child and infant OpenSeat reward?
The mileage required for child and infant depends on the fare type booked.



12. Can redemption tickets be refunded?
The refund policy for redemption tickets depends on whether it is a GuestSeat or OpenSeat. The refund has to be done through the Etihad Guest Service Centre within the ticket validity, up to 24 hours prior to departure. A refund fee of 10% of the miles required for the redemption ticket will apply on GuestSeats. In case of no-show GuestSeats are non-refundable. YR (Carrier charge) is refundable.



13. How can we refund partially unutilized OpenSeat paid by Miles+Cash?
The unutilized OpenSeat can be refunded as per the fare rules of the ticket. In case of any cancellation fee or penalty, this will be deducted from miles portion paid. If the miles are not enough, the remaining of the cancellation fee or penalty will be deducted from the cash portion.



14. Which class of booking are eligible for upgrades?
Except tickets issued in T class, all commercial tickets including tickets issued in E and Z class prior to 8 July 2015, are eligible for an upgrade. They can be upgraded only through the contact centres at least 48 hours in advance.
Effective 8 July 2015, all tickets issued on an Etihad Airways Breaking Deals fare (T, E and Z) will no longer be eligible for upgrade to Business or First Class whether at the airport or through the call centre.
Tickets issued on X, N, I and O class will still be ineligible for Upgrade Rewards.



15. Can the Miles+Cash option be used for an upgrade using miles?
Upgrade Rewards can be processed only using full miles. We do not have an option for cash plus miles for upgrades.



16. How can I process mileage upgrades?
Upgrades can be processed online for ticket issued on Etihad website and by Etihad ticketing offices. For the rest of the tickets and for Upgrade Rewards using ADCB discount voucher can be done only through Etihad Guest Service Centre at least 48 hours before departure.
Mileage upgrades can also be processed at the airports at the time of departure depending upon the availability on that flight.
Other conditions for an upgrade are:
Upgrade request cannot be waitlisted and can be processed only if a commercial ticket has been already issued.
Not applicable on code share flights.
Upgrades are not permitted for ID/AD tickets/ Redemption tickets.
Tickets issued on T ,E, N, X ,I, Z RBD’s and Multiflyer tickets are ineligible.



17. Are upgraded tickets changeable?
In case of date change, the fare and ticketing rules of the original ticket will apply irrespective of the class of travel after upgrade. In case of rerouting the ticket after the upgrade, the existing redemption upgrade has to be refunded with the applicable refund charges and a new redemption upgrade has to be processed for the new routing depending upon the availability.



18. Are the same amount of miles used for upgrading adult, child and infant tickets?
Miles required for an adult and child are the same. While for the infant it will be 25% of the mileage for a given route.



19. Can the upgraded ticket be refunded?
The originally ticket issued can be refunded as per the fare rules of the ticket paid. The miles used for the upgrade will be refunded up to 24 hours prior to departure after a deduction of 10% of total miles required for the upgrade.



20. Can a partner redemption ticket be refunded?
Partner redemption tickets can be cancelled / refunded as per Etihad Guest terms and conditions as given in the partner page.
Reward Shop
Reward Shop



1. How does the member check the status of a reward order?
On the Reward Shop, member must first log in with their Etihad Guest number and password and then click the tab ‘My Rewards’. Select ‘My Orders’ to view the status of the rewards order placed. By clicking ‘Order No.’ in the second column, member can also view the details of a particular order such as order date, partner address, and delivery address where the reward will be shipped to.



2. If I have not received the Reward item within the delivery period, whom should I contact?
In case that the reward status is delivered and the reward is not yet received, the member needs to contact the merchant to check on the delivery status.



3. Can I cancel my reward order?
Generally, reward orders once submitted cannot be cancelled. Please note that return policies may vary for every reward and reward specific Terms and Conditions for refund may apply.



4. Can a reward be given to third party who is not an Etihad Guest member?
Yes, the desired shipping and delivery address can be different from the address registered in the Etihad Guest member's account. Please note that certain delivery restrictions may apply to the designated shipping address which may not apply to their Etihad Guest account. If so, member will be advised accordingly at the time of booking.



5. What happens if the reward is damaged or a wrong product has been delivered to the member?
In the event of a reward being damaged or incorrect, the member should contact the merchant or the appropriate supplier of the product. They will make the necessary arrangements for the return or replacement of the reward based on the facts. The new delivery time for the correct or replacement item or the solution will be advised by the merchant.
Etihad Guest Service Benefits
Etihad Guest Service Benefits



1.	What are the additional baggage allowances for Etihad Guest top tier members?
Additional baggage allowance for Etihad Guest Members.
TIER
WEIGHT CONCEPT MARKET
PIECE CONCEPT MARKET
Etihad Guest Platinum
1 piece X 32kg
20kg
Etihad Guest Gold
1 piece X 32kg
20kg
Etihad Guest Silver
1 piece X 23kg (maximum 2 pieces)
10kg
Notes
Only when travelling on Etihad Airways operated flights.
The additional allowances below are on top of your applicable allowance.
Each item must not exceed 32kg and dimensions of 207cm (45 x 72 x 90).
Note for Etihad Guest Silver members: Applicable only on Economy Breaking Deals or Economy Saver Fare Choices on a journey with a general baggage allowance policy.The benefit will not be applicable for any other itinerary or fare choice.



2.	 As a Gold Member, do I get confirmed Business class/ Economy class seat on any requested flight?
Gold and Platinum members are entitled for confirmed seat in business if requested as per the time lines given below.This is bookable in the highest business class fare (Corporate fares or ADGETP discounts not allowed).
Silver members are entitled for confirmed seat in economy if requested as per the time lines given below. This is bookable in the highest Economy fare. Multiflyer tickets are not eligible for this benefit.
Guaranteed seats rules for Etihad Guest Members.
ETIHAD GUEST SILVER
ETIHAD GUEST GOLD
ETIHAD GUEST PLATINUM
Guaranteed Economy Seat
If booked 48hrs in advance
If booked 24hrs in advance
If booked 12hrs in advance
Guaranteed Business Class Seat
NA
NA
If booked 48hrs in advance
Notes
The above benefits are applicable only when travelling on Etihad Airways operated flights.
The seat in business or economy will be confirmed on any available flight on the chosen date and chosen route but not necessarily on the requested flight.



3.	Which tier level members are eligible for ‘Priority check-in and Boarding’ and for ‘Fast-track immigration and Baggage service’?
Gold and Platinum members are only eligible for the above mentioned benefits.



4.	If I am a Silver / Gold member, am I eligible to access the business class lounge even if I am travelling in Economy class?
While travelling in Economy class on Etihad operated flights, Silver members can access the Al Reem lounge in Abu Dhabi and can access the Business class lounge in other stations in EY network.
If you are a Gold member and travelling in economy class on Etihad Operated flights, you may access the Al Reem lounge in Abu Dhabi and can access the Business class lounge in other stations in EY network along with an additional Guest travelling in Etihad on a commercial ticket.
Platinum members can access the First class lounge at any stations irrespective of the cabin in which they are travelling. They can take an additional guest along with them, provided the additional guest is holding a commercial ticket on Etihad Airways.
Notes
First Class Lounge at airports in Abu Dhabi, London, Manchester, Frankfurt and Dublin and other luxury lounges offered by Etihad across the network.
Subject to lounge operating hours.



5.	Is ‘Third Party’ and ‘Gold discretionary’ nominations available for all Etihad Guest members?
'Third Party' nomination is available for Gold and Platinum members. While 'Gold discretionary' nomination is a benefit exclusive for Platinum members only.
Pointspay
Pointspay



1.	How can the member enrol into this programme?There are 2 ways to enrol into PointsPay:Through the website.The PointsPay App is available for all active EY Guestmembers using an iPhone or members using Android phones. To start using the App, the member needs to download the App from the App Store, sign up, log in and follow the instructions to load the card. 2.	When do the members require a PointsPay password and a pin?For security reasons, the PointsPay password should be entered to confirm every transaction or to enter sensitive information into My PointsPay, even if the member is logged in. PointsPay Plastic Card will be shipped to the member with a PIN. The PIN and the Plastic card will be sent in two different envelopes. The Plastic card has to be activated before it is used. The PIN is a unique Personal Identification Number that many in store merchants require to validate purchase transaction. If the guest forgets the pin, guest has to request for a new pin which will be shipped to him.3.	What is the Pin Secure Wallet?There is an optional Points Pay PIN Secure Wallet feature in PointsPay App where guest can securely store his PIN code. This will be stored encrypted only on the member’s iPhone and not PointsPay database.4.	How can a program be added to PointsPay?To add Etihad Guest to PointsPay, the member will be asked for his program account username or member ID and password. This information is not stored by PointsPay. To prevent someone else from adding the concerned member’s program account to their PointsPay account, an email notification will be send to the member’s program registered email. It is the responsibility of the member to keep the program account details secure5.	Where can the member view his list of transactions?This can be viewed on the App’s main menu under View Transactions. New Card transactions normally appear a few days after the purchase had been made, once they have been processed by the merchant. New program transactions are listed immediately after unloading your Plastic or Virtual Card.6.	What is the difference between card transactions and program transactions?Program transactions are all the transactions the member has made in points or miles to issue, load or unload your PointsPay Plastic or Virtual Card. E.g. service fee, debited/credited points or miles, issuing fees.  Card transactions are all the transactions guest had made online or in store with his PointsPay Plastic or Virtual Card. All transactions are shown in the currency the merchant used for processing. This typically corresponds to the currency of purchase, member selected when loading his Card. 7.	How will the member pay online or in store through PointsPay?The member can pay online through the PointsPay virtual card which has to be loaded through the PointsPay application. For shopping in store, the member has to load his PointsPay Plastic Visa card in the same manner.8.	How long will the loaded amount be available in the cards?The loaded amount will be available for 3 days once the time expires, the loaded amount will be credited back to the member’s Etihad Guest account in the form of miles.  A service fee of 141 miles for loading the card will be charged to the guest.	9.	Why is the member not able to select the exact amount he wishes to load onto the card?PointsPay card functions exactly like an ATM. The member can select only the amount displayed for conversion. There is also a limit to the points/miles that can be converted based on the card and the program.10.	Why has the member’s program account been charged more miles than expected?Sometimes a slightly higher amount of miles (a test amount) is temporarily charged from the member’s program account (in most cases, around 1 USD) to verify the validity of the card. The 'test amount' will be refunded to the member’s program account (in miles), once the merchant has settled the purchase amount. This usually happens within a couple of days, but can take up to a week.The most well-known merchants that apply this temporary 'test amount' charge are Amazon.com and iTunes.11.	Whom should we contact in case of card replacement or for any type of assistance on PointsPay?
Please contact Points Pay assistance centre: support@pointspay.com and info@pointspay.com
Co-branded payment cards
Co-branded payment cards



1.	What are the co-branded payment cards available for Etihad Guest Members?
Etihad Guest offers co-branded payment cards in partnership with banks in UAE, KSA & UK. Following are the list of cards available:
Available co-branded payment cards for Etihad Guest Members.
Credit Cards
Debit Cards
UAE
ADCB
Etihad Guest Above Infinite Card
Etihad Guest Above Excellency Card
Etihad Guest Above Platinum Card
Etihad Guest Above Privilege Club Card
Etihad Guest Above Gold Card
Etihad Guest Above Aspire Card
Etihad Guest Above Classic Card
ADIB
ADIB Etihad Guest Visa Platinum Card
ADIB Etihad Guest Visa Infinite Debit Card
ADIB Etihad Guest Visa Gold Card
ADIB Etihad Guest Gold Debit Card
ADIB Etihad Guest Visa Card
ADIB Etihad Guest Debit Card
KSA
AMEX Saudi Arabia
Etihad Guest American Express Gold Credit Card
Not available
Etihad Guest American Express Platinum Credit Card
UK
MBNA Etihad Guest Credit Card UK
Etihad Guest American Express®
Not available
Etihad Guest Visa Credit Cards



2.	How can we apply for the Etihad Guest Co-branded payment cards?
Please visit our Payment Cards section to learn more about Etihad Guest payment cards and the best way to apply for them.



3.	What is the application procedure for non-Etihad Guest member?
Should the guest want to apply for co-branded card, they need to contact the concerned bank directly to pursue the application. Once the application is approved by the bank, guests will be automatically enrolled to Etihad Guest programme. A new Etihad Guest number will be issued to them and all Etihad Guest Miles collected on their co-branded cards get transferred to their Etihad Guest account.
The new Etihad Guest number will be communicated by the bank to the members.



4.	What if an existing Etihad Guest member already has a credit or debit card from correlated bank however wants to have the Etihad Guest co-branded cards?
Members can always contact the banks directly and they will do the needful from their end.



5.	What if the guest is not an Etihad Guest member however having a credit or debit card from correlated bank and would like to get the Etihad Guest co-branded card?
Guests need to contact the related banks directly. The bank will evaluate the application and if approved, will process their Etihad Guest membership and communicate it accordingly.



6.	How to make sure that an existing Etihad Guest member will not get a new Etihad Guest account made by the bank?
All the partnerbanks (ADCB, ADIB, American Express Saudi Arabia and MBNA) have been briefed to check with the applicant if they are an existing Etihad Guest members. It is only when an applicant hasnot provided this/her Etihad Guest number, that the bank will issue a new Etihad Guest Membership number.



7.	What should an existing Etihad Guest member do when they receive new Etihad Guest number when they apply for a co-branded card?
Members can contact Etihad Guest Service Center and provide their old and new Etihad Guest numbers. The numbers will be merged appropriately and communicated to the members and the respective banks.



8.	Do the banks have any criteria for issuing the cards? Are they the same for primary & supplementary cards?
There are various criteria as per central banking norms which the banks need to follow before issuing the cards to their customers. Since Etihad does not have any influence in these, please direct all queries pertaining to any kind of restrictions to the respective banks. Complaints can be escalated so that they can be dealt individually with the banks. Any restriction which applies for the primary card holds true for the supplementary cards as well.



9.	If a supplementary card holder used the card and earns miles, where will the miles be credited?
Banks issue Etihad Guest account only to the primary card holders for the co-branded cards. Even if the supplementary card holder is an Etihad Guest member, the miles earned due to transaction on a supplementary co-branded card will be credited to the primary cardholder’s Etihad Guest account.



10.	Can a supplementary cardholder have their own Etihad Guest account?
Yes, the supplementary cardholder can have his own Etihad Guest account. However all miles earned by them for purchases made on the co-branded cards will be credited to the primary cardholder’s Etihad Guest account.



11.	Can the co-branded cards give access to Etihad Lounge across the network?
The co-branded card holders cannot use their credit or debit cards to access any of our Etihad Lounges.  The co-branded card holders get the access to Etihad lounges only by virtue of their Etihad Guest tier status.



12.	How long would it take for the members transactions to appear in theiraccount?
It will be credited within 4 to 6 weeks from the date of transaction posted in the member’s card statement for the miles to reflect in their Etihad Guest account.



13.	Where would members be able to check their miles earned with the co-branded cards?
The transaction details on the Etihad Guest co-branded cards will be detailed in the monthly card statement sent to the members by the bank
The Etihad Guest Miles earned on these transactions will be reflected in the monthly Etihad Guest mileage statement sent to the members
Members can also log in to www.etihadguest.com and check their mileage balance online
The miles earned on co-branded card transactions will reflect in the member’s mileagestatement as well as on the latest transactions page of the members Etihad Guest account.



14.	What happens if the total miles earned is a fraction?
Etihad Guest Miles will never be reported as a fraction, it will always be rounded up or down to the nearest whole number



15.	For the fast track tier upgrades what do the return flights mean?
For the purpose of tier upgrades, one return flight in Economy Class indicates two flight segments.
For example:  The following flight activity
AUH-BOM-AUH and BKK-AUH-DUB
OR
BOM-AUH-LHR-AUH-BOM
ADCB & ADIB
ADCB & ADIB



1. When can I get my ADCB 50 % upgrade voucher?As an Infinite ADCB credit card holder, once you become an Etihad Guest Gold Member, you will be eligible for an Upgrade Voucher. The Voucher will be issued to you after every fifth flight one way (excluding redemption flight) you complete on Etihad during a 12 month period from the date you attain the Etihad Guest Gold status.As a Platinum ADCB credit card holder, once you become an Etihad Guest Silver Member, you will be eligible for an Upgrade Voucher. The Voucher will be issued to you after every fifth flight one way (excluding redemption flight) you complete on Etihad during a 12 month period from the date you attain the Etihad Guest Silver status.The voucher entitles you to an incredible 50% off when you choose for an upgrade to the next higher cabin using your Etihad Guest Miles.The Voucher can be redeemed for any flight on the Etihad Airways network and will be valid for a period of 6 months from the date of issuance.2. When will I get my Gold tier status?As an Infinite ADCB credit card holder, when you have earned 35,000 tier miles or when you have taken 1 return flight (two one way flights) with Etihad Airways within first 6 months of card issuance.As a Platinum ADCB credit card holder, when you have earned 18,000 tier miles or when you have taken 2 return flight (four one way flights) with Etihad Airways within first 6 months of card issuance.All Etihad Guest tier levels are governed by the terms and conditions of the Etihad Guest.3.	Whom should I contact for ADCB complimentary airport transfers?As part of complimentary Airport Chauffer Service a Platinum ADCB credit card holder can receive 2 one way complimentary airport transfers in a calendar year to commute either to or from Abu Dhabi International Airport to his/her residence anywhere in the UAE.
While an ADCB Infinite card holder is eligible to receive 4 one way complimentary airport transfers in a calendar year to commute either to or from Abu Dhabi International Airport to his/her residence anywhere in the UAE.
Please contact the ADCB bank on their Toll free number 800 8008 for further details on complimentary airport transfers.



4.	Who are eligible to earn an ADIB companion voucher?When ADIB Platinum / Gold card holder spends AED 150,000 or more on his/her card, a Companion Ticket Voucher will be issued. This may be used for a free companion ticket when redeeming your miles for a Reward Ticket on Etihad Airways.
The companion ticket must be on the same flight, date, and class of travel as the accompanying Reward ticket. The Voucher will be valid for 6 months from the date of issue.
Companion ticket voucher will be issued once per 12 month period.



5. What are the conditions for upgrading to Etihad Guest Silver and Gold Tiers for ADIB Etihad Guest Visa cardholders?As an ADIB Etihad Guest Visa Platinum card holder, when you complete 2 return flights (excluding redemption flight) on Etihad within 12 months of card issuance, you will be fast tracked to Etihad Guest Gold Tier.
Fast track will be processed as soon as the miles for the 2 flights have been credited to your Etihad Guest Account. This privilege applies only to Principal Card holders.
As an ADIB Etihad Guest Visa Gold, when you complete 4 return flights (excluding redemption flight) on Etihad within 12 months of card issuance, you will be fast tracked to Etihad Guest Silver Tier.Fast track will be processed as soon as the miles for the 4 flights have been credited to your Etihad Guest Account. This privilege applies only to Principal Card holders.
MBNA
MBNA



1.	Where can the Etihad Guest Member apply for the Etihad Guest Credit Card Account?
Guests can visit the MBNA page to get more information and apply for the card.



2.	What is the application procedure for an existing Etihad Guest Member?
Guests can visit the MBNA page and apply for the credit card by providing their Etihad Guest Membership number at the time of application. (If a Guest has forgotten the number or fails to provide it at the time of application, then this will be treated as a new Member, the accounts will then need to be merged at a later date.)
Once their application for the credit card is approved by MBNA Limited, their Etihad Guest account will be linked so that all Etihad Guest Miles collected on their co-branded credit card get transferred to their Etihad Guest account. Credit approvals are dependent on MBNA and Etihad cannot influence this decision-making process.



3.	What is the application procedure for non-Etihad Guest Members?
Guests can visit the MBNA page and apply for the credit card.
Once their application for the credit card is approved by MBNA they will automatically be enrolled into the Etihad Guest Programme.  A new Etihad Guest number will be issued to the Etihad Guest Member and all Etihad Guest Miles collected on their co-branded credit card get transferred to their Etihad Guest Account. Etihad Guest Members must use a unique email address when applying for their Etihad Guest Credit Card Account.  If they used an email address already registered with Etihad (e.g. shared household email address) then their enrolment will be rejected by Etihad until a unique email address has been provided.



4.	What if the Etihad Guest Member already hold another MBNA Credit Card, but does not have the Etihad Guest Credit Card?
Etihad Guest Members  can visit the MBNA page and apply for the Etihad Guest Credit Card Account by providing their Etihad Guest Membership number at the time of the application.
Once their application for the Etihad Guest Credit Card Account is approved by MBNA, their Etihad Guest Account will be linked so that the Etihad Guest Miles collected on their co-branded credit card get transferred to their Etihad Guest Account.
Etihad Guest Members are able to hold more than one credit card issued by MBNA; however, please note that balances cannot be transferred between MBNA accounts.



5.	What if the Guest is not an Etihad Guest Member, but already hold another MBNA Credit Card?
Guests can visit the MBNA page and apply for the card.
Once their application for the credit card is approved by MBNA, they’ll automatically be enrolled into the Etihad Guest Programme, a new Etihad Guest Number will be issued to them and all Etihad Guest Miles collected on their co-branded credit card get transferred to their Etihad Guest Account.
Again, customers are able to hold more than one credit card issued by MBNA; however, please note that balances cannot be transferred between MBNA accounts.



6.	What is the Miles earn rate based on card purchase spend?
Etihad Guest Members will earn 1.5 Etihad Guest Miles for every £1 spend on the Etihad Guest American Express Credit Card and 1.5 Etihad Guest Miles for every £2 you spend on the Etihad Guest Visa Credit Card.
Etihad Guest Members earn miles on card purchases only. Cash advances, money transfers and balances transferred to MBNA do not earn Etihad Guest Miles.
In addition, 5,000 Etihad Guest Miles will be credited to your account when you spend £250 in the first 90 days of opening your account.



7.	Why should an Etihad Guest Member opt for the Etihad Guest Credit Card Account when they already have another credit card?
Members will earn Etihad Guest Miles for any purchase transactions made with the Etihad Guest Credit Card Account which they don’t receive with other cards.
The card has great features like:
5,000 Etihad Guest Miles welcome bonus
Fast-track enrolment to the Silver tier upon completion of one paid round-trip flight with Etihad AirwaysDouble Etihad Guest Miles taken on business class flights within the first 90 days of account openingTriple Etihad Guest Miles taken on first class flights taken within the first 90 days of account opening
What’s more, they will earn more Etihad Guest Miles when completing transactions with our programme partners and using their Etihad Guest Credit Card Account.
E.g. If they spend £500 at Chic Outlet Shopping, they would normally earn 1000 Etihad Guest Miles. But if they paid for the purchase(s) with their Etihad Guest American Express® Credit Card from MBNA, they would earn another 750 Miles and if they paid with their Etihad Guest Visa Credit Card, they would earn another 375 Etihad Guest Miles



8.	How will the Etihad Guest Credit Card Account holder know that their Etihad Guest Miles are being recorded and how long will it take for the Etihad Guest Miles to feature in their Etihad Guest Account?
The number of Etihad Guest Miles earned each month from your credit card spend will be displayed on your monthly credit card statement, and will then be added to your Etihad Guest account within 30 days of the statement date
Etihad Guest Members can also log on to our website to check their Mileage balances online.



9.	Will the Etihad Guest Miles displayed in the Etihad Guest Account be split by what the member earned on the American Express® Credit Card and Visa Credit Card?
Yes, Etihad Guest Miles earned on spends on the American Express ® Credit Card and Visa Credit Card will be shown separately on your monthly statement.



10.	How do members receive the fast track to Etihad Guest Silver tier?
Etihad Guest Members will receive their upgrade to Etihad Guest Silver tier upon the completion of one paid for return flight with Etihad Airways in the first year of account opening. For more information regarding the additional benefits linked to Etihad Guest Silver tier, Etihad Guest Members can visit the Member Benefits section at our website11.	How do members receive the double Etihad Guest Miles for flights in Business Class?
Etihad Guest Members will receive their double Etihad Guest Miles on all Etihad Airways operated flights taken in Business Class during the first three months of account opening. The additional Etihad Guest Miles will be credited to customers’ Etihad Guest Account directly.



12.	How do members receive triple Etihad Guest Miles for flights in First Class?Etihad Guest Members will receive their triple Etihad Guest Miles on all Etihad Airways operated flights taken in First Class during the first three months of account opening. The additional Etihad Guest Miles will be credited to customers’ Etihad Guest accounts directly.13.	What if the Etihad Guest Member does not live in the UK but owns property there? Can they still apply?The Etihad Guest Member is eligible to apply if they hold a UK registered address.14.	Can the Etihad Guest Member get a supplementary card for their wife/husband on his/her account?
Yes, three additional cardholders can be added, allowing the Etihad Guest Member to earn further Etihad Guest Miles on his/her Etihad Guest Credit Card Account. This can be done when the Etihad Guest Member activates his/her card or registers in Online Card Services. Any additional cardholder(s) must be over 18 years of age, reside at the same primary address, and have a relationship of close family member (defined as; spouse, child, parent, sibling or domestic partner).



15.	What if the Etihad Guest Member only wants a Visa Credit Card?
The Etihad Guest Credit Card Account comes with both an American Express® Credit Card and a Visa Credit Card, linked to one account. The Etihad Guest Member cannot apply for a Visa Credit Card or an American Express® Credit Card separately. By using both credit cards, the Etihad Guest Member can maximise the number of Etihad Guest Miles he/she could earn.



16.	If the cardholders have some queries on their Credit Card Account, whom should they contact?
For existing customer banking/Credit Card specific queries:
Please visit the MBNA website (log into online card services)
Or call: 0800 062 062
If the query pertains to Etihad Guest Miles or programme related benefits then Etihad Guest Members can contact the Etihad Guest Service Center on 0345 608 1225 between 0800-2000 hrs, 7 days a week.
AMEX KSA
AMEX KSA



1. How can I get my AMEX Etihad Guest card?The Etihad Guest American Express credit card is available only to card members in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Members can apply for the Amex Etihad Guest credit card by visiting the Amex website, and filling in their information, at which time an Amex agent will contact them to finalize the application:  Alternatively, members can visit the Amex Etihad Guest cobranded credit card page on the Etihad Guest website for further information: 2. When can I expect to get my sign-up Bonus miles?
Sign-up Bonus will be credited within 30 days from the first successful qualifying expenditure on your card.3.	When will the Flight bonus miles get credited to my Etihad Guest membership?



Sign-up Bonus will be credited within 30 days from the first successful qualifying flight expenditure on your card.4. As an AMEX Credit card holder, am I eligible for a Fast track to a higher tier?
The Amex Platinum card member is eligible for a fast track to Gold tier once the member has completed one return journey on Etihad within first 12 months.
While an Amex Gold Card member will be eligible for a fast track to Silver tier once the member has completed one return journey on Etihad within first 12 months.
The fast track privilege applies only to principal card members and not to supplementary card members.
