+What shipping method does GearBest use?
We have three shipping methods, they are Flat Rate Shipping, Standard Shipping and Expedited Shipping. For a detailed explanation about each shipping method, destinations and approximate delivery times, please see: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html



+What Countries Does GearBest Deliver to?
We can deliver orders to most countries in the world.
Goods are sent from China by courier, and delivered direct to your door (home or company address). Please check Shipping Countries to get more details.
+Remote Areas - Delivery



Can couriers deliver to remote areas?
Yes, wherever you are, we will be able to deliver the products to you.
FedEx or DHL might in some cases apply a nominal "remote area charge". This is very rare but can happen when your delivery address is too far from the main logistics centers.
If your address is located in a remote area for the courier of your choice, we will contact you to discuss the issue. You will need to pay an extra $30 to cover the remote shipping fees from FedEx or DHL. However, if you do not want to pay any additional fees, we would suggest that you ship your order with EMS (Standard Shipping) or Flat Rate Shipping. We will refund you the difference in shipping fee.
+GearBest Can Ship To PO Box and APO Addresses



Can you ship to a PO Box?
Can you ship to a APO address?
We strongly recommend that you provide a physical address to facilitate order delivery.
If you really need to ship the package to a PO BOX then you will need to please select Flat Rate Shipping as the shipping method and only order items that weigh 2kg or less. For heavier items, you will need to select an alternate address.
We are sorry but both DHL and FedEx are unable to deliver items to APO or PO BOX addresses.
+If an item is missing a manual
Some of GearBest products are supposed to ship with a manual but...
sometimes the manual just isn't very good, and you need more help with the product.
sometimes we made a mistake and the manual was not put in the box.
sometimes the product is new, and the manufacturer manual was so dire, we took it out!
sometimes the manufacturer thought they were only selling this product in China, so there is no manual.
Here's how we'll help:
Contact us with your order number and the product code. Explain whether there was a missing manual, or what aspect of the product's function you need help with.
If a manual was omitted accidentally, we'll give you a link where you can download it.
If the product has no manual, chances are we are already working on making one ourselves, and we'll send that to you when it's done.
Currently we only offer English manuals for all our products.
+If an item is missing accessories such as earphones or a cable
First, check the details in the product description again on GearBest.com to make sure it is supposed to have what you think it should.
If you're really missing something, please contact us, and here's how we'll handle it:
Give us your order number and the product code.
If the missing part is hard to describe, please provide a photo and reference a similar product photo on Gearbest.com.
If we confirm something is missing, we'll send it out to you free of charge.
+If your item is delivered missing some of its parts
If a key part of your product is missing on delivery, here is how we can solve the problem for you:
Contact us first, with your order number and product code; we will help to clarify what part is missing.
For major, expensive and integral product parts we may need to follow it up as a "lost/stolen in delivery"
If the part is small or an accessory, we will most likely be able to help you by simply re-sending it.
+If you receive a multi-item delivery with some items missing



Is something missing from your order? Then simply follow these steps:
Unpack all the products because sometimes our packing staff save space by placing smaller items inside the boxes of bigger items.
Check the status and comments of your order on GearBest, and see if you received any emails from GearBest about the order. It's possible we split your order into more than one delivery to speed things up.
Next, you should contact us to explain the problem. Provide your order number and clearly describe which item(s) is missing. We can cross-check our warehouse records to show that the correct products were indeed packed and dispatched... meaning that the item(s) went missing during shipping and has been lost/stolen. (This is very rare, but it can happen.)
If it is definitely a lost/stolen item issue, you need to contact the courier company that delivered your item and register a formal complaint. You must do this as soon as possible following delivery. The tracking number is available from the packaging and from your Gearbest order history. It's imperative that you, or the recipient of the delivery, contact the courier company directly and follows the steps in their incident reporting system. They will provide you with confirmation of your complaint, and we can then confirm the incident on our side when we speak to the courier.
In order to combat fraud, we cannot independently verify lost/stolen item complaints. This means that we have to wait for the decision of the courier company about whether they accept the claim to provide compensation. If they accept the claim, depending on the case they will either offer you compensation or, more commonly, compensate Gearbest. In that case we will inform you and either pass on the refund directly or make a new delivery to you - it will be your choice to make.
Sometimes the confirmation process from the courier can take a while, and you could consider making a new order on Gearbest in the meantime if you need the products urgently.
+If there is some problem receiving the delivery due to Customs
Usually, when you import goods from GearBest, the packet will be inspected by your local Customs office.
There's usually no reason to worry because:
GearBest provides all the necessary paperwork for your shipment;
In most countries it's pretty easy to import most kinds of consumer electronics;
The actual process of customs clearance is usually handled completely by the delivery company (e.g. UPS, FedEx, DHL);
If there is any duty (import tax) or other charges to pay, the courier will usually pay it first and deliver the products to you, and you pay the costs later.
If there is a question about your delivery:
Sometimes you may need to provide information to your local Customs office about the shipment you are receiving. Sometimes they will need you to provide an invoice matching the invoice that accompanies the goods. In these cases please contact us immediately and we will provide you with a PDF of the shipping invoice.
Sometimes the products need to be backed up with some kind of licence or certificate. In these cases, we are generally notified by the courier and we will handle it for you. If Customs contacts you about this, please let us know first and we will help you.
Customs Liability
If, for any reason, the products cannot be delivered to you due to a Customs problem, we will discuss with you case by case about how best to handle the issue(s).
If goods are seized or turned back because of an issue that was Gearbest's fault, e.g. incorrect paperwork, we will re-send the goods at our own expense, or offer you full store credit for a new order.
If goods cannot be delivered due to restrictions in your own country, this is solely your responsibility. For example, if you decided to try to import an Android phone, but this technology is illegal or restricted due to local laws in the delivery destination country, that is your responsibility to know about before you order from GearBest. If the delivery failed for that reason, we cannot offer any compensation, because as the importer it's your job to know about the local regulations. Another situation in which you must accept liability is where your country requires you to have a licence to import commercial goods: in this case, it is your responsibility to know about this before you place an order on GearBest, and in the case of a failed delivery, we cannot offer any compensation.
As the importer you hold sole legal responsibility for responding to questions about imported goods delivered to yourself. Import duties, sales tax, and any other customs charges and fees, are your sole responsibility, as described in our terms and conditions. If a delivery fails because you do not respond in time to Customs communications, or you refuse to pay the applicable charges, we cannot offer any compensation.



+Can I pay COD - cash on delivery?
No. Sorry. We can only accept payment in advance. You can use one of our secure payment methods to pay for your order. For detailed explanation about our payment options, please see: http://www.gearbest.com/about/payment-methods.html
+Payment Methods Accepted
GearBest primarily uses PayPal to process secure online payments. Through PayPal, we accept MasterCard, VISA, American Express, Cashu, Webmoney, Boleto,  Discover, and bank transfer (debit card).



+What is Paypal?
Paypal offers a highly secure method to send money from your credit card, bank account, or stored online credit, without telling online shops your confidential credit card numbers. GearBest staff will never ask you for your full credit card numbers or Paypal login details. For your own security, please do not give this information to anyone (including our staff) and do not click on links inside emails purporting to be from Paypal. charge you a fee for uploading money to their system or making payments. Please check on their relevant information pages for specific details.



+My Product Has A Problem! What Can I Do?
What to do in 3 steps:
Step 1
Try to troubleshoot the item by checking the manual we provide in the package .Often we can solve the problem for you without you needing to send anything back. In many cases the product seems to have a problem, but it can be solved by restarting, installing properly, or fixing an accessory.
Step 2
If you still have difficulties with your item especially for complicated products such as Car DVD Players, GPS or TV Boxes, we will recommend that you get the product installed or inspected by a qualified technician to confirm that it is faulty rather than incorrectly installed.
Step 3
Once you have confirmed the product is faulty after steps 1 and 2, you should contact us. Provide your order number and the product code and all the steps you have tried to remedy this issue. We will review your case to allow a return under warranty.
You are covered by our 180 Day guarantee.
So if the product doesn't work, we'll help you send it back to us in China to get it fixed.



+What if the product is broken?
If any product is faulty, you are protected under the GearBest Warranty.
Assuming the product is still in warranty and was not physically damaged, you can return it to GearBest and we will repair it, or give you an equivalent replacement product.
All return cases are handled under our RMA policy: please consult customer support and do not send back any products without obtaining an assigned RMA case number from us.
Under the wholesale terms and conditions, customers must pay the cost of shipping to return authorized RMA products back to GearBest. In the case of sending back repaired or replacement items, GearBest pays the return shipping cost back to you.



+Why Should I Buy the Delivery Insurance and Tracking number in the Check out?
GearBest Insurance Benefits
Your parcel will be guaranteed in the event of any loss or damage during the international delivery.
Gearbest will offer 2 options
- Resend the parcel for free ( if applicable)
- Refund the product and shipping fee
Compensation Process
For lost parcels compensation will be completed after confirming
The order was shipped at the right address
Local post office in the destination's country does not hold the parcel
The delivery deadline has been reached
If you receive an item physically broken, please contact us immediately here http://support.gearbest.com/ with clear pictures of the item its sku number and its package.We will open a claim with the shipper and offer a compensation accordingly.



+What is GB wallet?
GB wallet is a fast and secure payment tool, making it easy to stay up-to-date with all your account transactions.



+What are the advantages of using GB wallet?
Secure Payment: your financial information remain 100% private and secure all the time.
Easy-to-use Operation: You will become familiar with the user-friendly interface in less than a minute.
Smart Management: GB wallet is designed to help you manage and control your money easily and conveniently. Checking your transaction details, order history and more is effortless.
Free GB Points: If you choose to keep any refunds in your GB wallet, you will receive free GB points to save even more money.
Fast refunds: Refunds are prioritized for wallet holders and will be issued to your GB wallet within 1-2 business days.



How to use my GB Wallet?
Type 1 - I have enough GB wallet to pay the  entire new order
Click your Shopping Cart;
Checkout by GB wallet
Input the GB wallet amount you want to use
Click "Place the order"
Order placed successfully.
Type 2 - My GB Wallet can pay  part of my order
Click your Shopping Cart;
Checkout by GB wallet;
Input account balance of GB wallet;
Pay the balance by Paypal, Credit Card or other payment method;
Click "Place the order";
Order placed successfully
http://www.gearbest.com/about/gb-wallet.html



+Is there anything I need to do when I first enter my GB Wallet account?
Yes. In order to ensure the security of your account, you must set up your secure transaction password first.



What can I do when I forget my transaction password, or need to reset my transaction password?
Reset Transaction Password
Enter the "Account Management" section of your GB Wallet. Click on "Reset Transaction Password", then input your new transaction password twice and submit the information.
Retrieve Transaction Password
Enter into "Account Management" of your GB Wallet, and click on "Retrieve Transaction Password";
Click on "Application Email Verification". We will send an email to your registered email address;
Carefully check your email inbox (including spam folder), and click the link that is displayed in the email;
Reset your new transaction password.



Can my order refund be issued directly into my GB Wallet?
Yes. If you receive a payment refund, you may request to have the refund issued into your GB wallet. The new balance of your GB wallet can then be used for shopping other items.



What advantage is there in requesting refunds to be issued into my GB wallet?
If you choose to receive refunds into your GB wallet, you will earn the corresponding amount of GB points. This allows you to save even more money in future orders. For example, if you receive a $10 refund, you will earn 20 GB Points.



How can I check the information of individual transactions in my GB Wallet?
Every transaction operation will be conveniently recorded in your GB Wallet on the "Transaction Record" page. This shows all the corresponding information related to that transaction for your convenience.



How do I access my GB Wallet?
Log into "My Account".
Enter into "My GB Wallet".
Set up "Set Transaction Password"
Confirm your settings, and start your rewarding GB Wallet journey.



Can I get my GB Wallet refunded?
Yes. Please kindly contact support center to get a refund for the Balance of GB Wallet
Note: Refunds will be issued to Paypal within 3-7 days business days.Refunds will be issued to Credit Card within 3-15 days business days.
Secure Payment
Easy-to-use Operation
Smart Management
Free GB Points
Fast refunds
+Our Mission
At GearBest, our company vision is simple: to become the premier online electronics seller by providing an unparalleled selection of the very best gadgets, an unbeatable shopping experience, prompt shipping and exceptional customer service that exceeds expectations.
For us, the customer is always king. Our total commitment to customers empowers us to work closely together with every customer. When you buy from us, the sale is not complete when we ship your order, it is complete when you are totally satisfied.



+Can you trust GearBest?
GearBest holds its own inventory in secure state of the art warehouse facilities, we adhere to exceptional quality control processes and operate an extensive Customer Support Center offering multiple service channels.
Our professional servers and website are security scanned, authenticated and fully verified by Norton Secure from Norton on a daily basis to protect you online. Click on the official Norton trustmark to learn more. You can learn more on our Secure Shopping page. Shop with confidence at GearBest.



+How to check my order status?
Log into " My Account " ;
Enter into " My Orders " ;
Once we have received your payment, all GearBest orders will show various order status stages before being shipped out.
Please check the meaning of these order status messages in the table below.



+What does my order status mean?
Type1 - Order Status List For Paid Orders
Order statusWhat it meansPaid
You have just paid your order successfully. What you can do :
Please wait for a few minutes. Our server will upload your order shortly and we will start to process your order.Thank you for your patience.
Processing
Your payment has been received.
Generally, "processing" will take 3-10 business days* and includes 3 steps :
1. Receive and allocate stock to your order
2.Complete quality control for your items
3.Pack your items
*For more information about our dispatch time for your specific item, please refer to the product page and see i.e "Dispatch time: Ships with 7-15 days".What you can do :
You can contact us to edit the address or the items if necessary
Partial Order dispatched
Some items of your order have been collected by the shipper while other items are still being prepared.What you can do :
Dispatched items cannot be modified. However you can contact us to change the remaining items.
We will send them out as soon as possible.
Dispatched
Your order has left our warehouse and has been collected by the shipper. What you can do :
Please kindly wait, we will send the detailed delivery information by email.We can't edit the order at this point.
Partial order shipped
A part of your order has been sent out.You will receive your delivery soon.
We will send the remaining items out as soon as possible.What you can do :
For the item that are shipped items, you can:
-Follow up the delivery based on the information indicated in your account
-If you've chosen free shipping and haven't purchased a tracking number, we kindly ask to wait for your order 10-25 working days (low season). Kindly note that during peak season deliveries can be longer. Learn more about shipping here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html
Shipped Out
Your order has been sent out to you.What you can do :
- Follow up your delivery based on the information indicated in your account.
-If you've chosen free shipping and haven't purchased a tracking number, we kindly ask to wait for your order 10-25 working days (normal season). Kindly note that during peak season deliveries can be longer. Learn more about shipping http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html
Type2 - Order Status for Unpaid Or Inactive Orders
Order statusWhat it meansContinue To Pay
You have not paid your order yet.
You are welcome to pay your order now.
Unpaid orders with standard items are canceled after 24 hours, and with limited stock/time deals (e.g. flash sales and clearance) are canceled after 30 minutes.
Pending
You have attempted to pay us probably by PayPal e-check. At this time, we haven't received your payment yet, please check your Paypal account or bank account balance and confirm whether your funds are sufficient.What you can do :
For a faster process, please send us via the ticket center, your PayPal transaction ID or your bank receipt showing the payment has been successful.
Payment Authorized
The item is presale. You have authorized paypal to deduct money for this order.What you can do :
1. Please kindly wait. Once the goods are ready we will deduct your payment and ship the order.
2.If you want to cancel the order,please contact us through our Support Center.
Payment Failed
We haven't received your payment yet, please check your Paypal account or bank account balance and confirm whether your funds are sufficient.What you can do :
1.If you still want the order, please send us a ticket via Support Center,our customer service will send an invoice to you to repay it.
2.If you want to cancel it,please contact us by clicking Support Center.
Cancelled
Your unpaid order is canceledWhat you can do :
Please feel free to replace an order anytime.
Refunded
Your order has been refunded on our side.What you can do :
For PayPal payment, please wait 3 to 7 working days for the transaction to appear on your account. As for credit card payment, refund will be completed within 7 to 25 working days depending on your service provider.
