Q: What kinds of operating system does



PowerISO support?A: PowerISO can run on Windows 98 / Me / 2000 / XP / 2003 / Vista /
Windows 7 / Windows 8 / Windows 8.1 / Windows 10 or
above.



Q: Does PowerISO support 64-bit Windows?A: Yes, PowerISO supports 64-bit editions of Windows XP / 2003 / Vista /
Windows 7 / Windows 8 / Windows 8.1 / Windows 10.
Q: Do you offer free software upgrades for



registered users?A: Yes. We provide free lifetime software upgrades for registered users.
Q: What's the difference between the



unregistered version and the registered version?A: The unregistered version will display a dialog prompts you to
register, and you can not create or edit image files greater than 300MB with
the unregistered version. Except these, all other functions or features are
the same.



Q: Does PowerISO support unicode file names?A: Yes, PowerISO fully supports unicode, so you shouldn't run in to any
problems if you're using an international character set.
Q: How to open ISO file and extract files



from it?A: Because of its file associations, you can open an ISO file by simply
double click on it. After open the ISO file, click "Extract"
button to extract files from it. You can also use shell context menu to
extract ISO file.
Q: Can PowerISO burn iso file to CD,  DVD



or Bluray disc?A: Yes, PowerISO can burn iso file to CD, DVD or Bluray disc. PowerISO is also a
burning application, you can use it to burn CD / DVD / BD Discs.



Q: Can PowerISO make bootable CD / DVD disc?A: Yes.
Q: Can PowerISO copy CD, DVD, or Blu-ray
disc to image



file?A: Yes. All information, including boot information, will be copied.
Q: Can PowerISO convert image files between



ISO and BIN?A: Yes.
Q: Can PowerISO compress ISO or BIN



image files?A: Yes. PowerISO can compress ISO / BIN and other formats image file,
and use the compressed file directly without decompressing.
Q: Can I open the files in the image file



without extracting?A: Yes. You can use the PowerISO virtual Drive manager to mount the
image file, and then you can open the file without extracting.



Q: Can I add password to my image file?A: Yes. If you save the image file to a DAA format, you can protect your
file with a password.
Q: Can I Split the image file to multiple



volumes?A: Yes. If you save the image file to a DAA format, you can split the
image file to multiple volumes. PowerISO will automatically read the
sub-volumes while extracting or mounting.
Q: Do I need to decompress the DAA file



before using a DAA image file?A: No. You can extract, edit and mount a DAA image file  without
decompressing.



Q: Does PowerISO support Apple DMG files?A: Yes. PowerISO can extract and burn Apple DMG files.
Q: What is the maximum image file size that
PowerISO can process? A: 8192GB (8TB).
